---
categories: null
date: "2021-08-06T00:14:54Z"
title: Introducing Myself
featured: true
---
Hi. Starting today, I'll start this blog as a personal log of everything that I
want to say. I mainly plan to add my opinions on some topics that interest me
(I'll stay away from rants) and helpful things that I learn and encounter as I
go.

Since I am coming into the computer industry without formal education on the
topic, this blog could also be helpful for me to getting a job as one of my
projects that employers can refer to. And if I do succeed in getting a job, I
hope other people who would be in the same situation as me can refer to my blog
as a reference.

I'm currently 20 years old, and my plan is to get hired when I turn 21. This is
a deadline I imposed on myself that I'd give myself time to learn the things
necessary to get hired. I don't really have to have a job but I aim to have at
least a source of income by that time.

Now I say that but I still feel like I want a job even if by that time I have a
proper source of income (business or  something) because I think the "developer
experience" is not complete without the interaction with other developers who I
can learn from and v./v.. I watched some of the google talks and they make it a
point that success mostly comes from good communication which I think I still
lack. I still don't have any experience on working on other projects with other
developers. Not to say that it's the only solution because I also think that I
can achieve the same by contributing to other open source projects. I'll just
have to see for myself but those are the things that I'm considering.
